Halli hello and welcome to
Let's play a funny life
small game for the nintendo ds
although so small that it is not because
it's really extensive you have to
You could say that if you say so
it looks from the outside yes it is one
would be fun very creative game so
I say we just fall
let's clear it up for the profile that I have
always testweise created yes moment
certainly delete yes I'm quite whole
for sure
and yes, as we said then we plunge
But just in here is a very nice
Creative game with which I have a lot
fun once you have it even there is one
Continuation of it but I would say
and starts first and with the first
on
yes drawn to life saves automatically
very nice village there are many
stories but this something special
it is our story the book long
before the rub osas there was a book
of life the design of the creator
creation of the creator created everything in
which he drew in this book planet
in the beginning, the creator made one
circle and drew our world yes there
Now we have the mix of this
Spiels Main draws in this game
in fact, things are happening all the time
yes, let's do a little snack
circle ohmann
that's the nicest circle i have
ever in my life with one
mouse pointer drawn a forest then
the Creator covered the world with the
beautiful forests yes we do
a whole picturesque scene moment
Here we take the orange, yes, nice
in the evening red a horizon full of forest
summit yes that's nice
tree tops we all over here
horizon look beautiful
Well, yes, yes, I can almost see it
Lifelike in front of me at the moment now
But we also have one
make beautiful blue sky over it
so that everything looks nice, too
sooo wonderful me since then children
had not drawn anymore
beautifully finished ok beautiful world
raposa even who sat abo were from the
hand of the creator drawn god there
if they are ok then we will grab
We are here first the contours
make a wonderful circle for the
head and another wonderful thing for
the body off and then we'll do it
wear a few feet and already looks
like a black creeper
yes, we'll do it again
so that they do not crib so much
look beautiful beautifully finished
the poor roses that dumb really sorry
darkness but all that has changed
changed the darkness came and the
Creator actually left us
I have already drawn so black
So from the case
the book is no longer needed
we are no longer needed
well he does still here
we need your help creators
eternal flame is extinguished
I thought that was a book no flame
and the darkness is drawing
he really stops darker sauce you are
our last hope
Please help us what should I do again
so funny black in circles as a war
Oh, you shame
You can not answer why you can
you just sit there and do nothing
Almost everyone has the village now
leave
What does that have to do with me now?
I always go to the whole world here
created and not just your little one
there for when the world is like that
developed the developed
world security so yes you are the one
creator of all these again yours
world makes you what you are
was once
please yes I will help and I will
not the company I have here the whole
Not only do your world create your village
do not just go church so no me
will not open you in the
world already on its own legs
yes i will not help you
dear raposa then everything is lost
my mainz if you have no intention
did you'll help even
I do not help you either
yes that was let's play drawn to life
as I said actually a very creative
little Spielmann can in between times
draw a little yourself and yes you
has there really complete freedom with
I hope you had so much fun
capable of let's play and jan o
maybe someday I'll play
go through and show a few
other sign styles for the forest or
for the world or maybe for
The bike ride was not quite accurate yet
if so, then sometime far in the
future but for the time being it was the first
Let's see you again in the next one
let's play until then very much